# LinkTree Technical Test

This is my attempt at the "Adventurous Authorisation" challenge.

For this task I chose to not use external services and opted to build a basic
authorisation system within Django. I've written a custom authentication backend
to "authenticate" third-party applications, regular users can generate JWTs
using the `/api/token/` endpoint. The JWTs used by users are provided as `Bearer`
tokens as part of the `Authorization` header, custom Django Rest Framework
permissions are then used to validate the user's actions.

To start the project: `docker-compose up`

The application should be available at http://localhost:8000/, where you'll find
the Swagger documentation for the demo.

On top of the user credentials listed in the challenge I've also added an admin
account that will grant you access to the Django admin panel available at
http://localhost:8000/admin/.  
The credentials for this account are admin/admin.

A test suite is also provided, this can be run by running
`docker-compose run --rm app test`.


## Considerations
### Third-party Apps Authentication
Due to the nature of this demo app I've chosen just to use the
`X-External-App` header to note that a "third-party app" is making the request.
**This is obviously insecure.**

If this were to be an app I would deploy as an actual product I would still make
use of the custom header, but also use the `Referer` header while making sure
that the URL provided matches a previously-supplied authorised URL, and make use
of an m2m token generated by whatever auth provider I happened to use for the
project.


### Static assets

I've added in Whitenoise for serving static assets for this demo. Normally I
would use something like an S3 bucket or at least have a reverse proxy in front
of the application for handling static assets, but for the sake of this demo I
think this is an acceptable solution.
